
WHAT

Open source cloud platform for building intelligent worlds.



WHY

Helping you go from one top many.

Distributed artificial intelligence in all its forms, from swarm intelligence to multi-agent systems.

The huge potential of distributed AI in building solutions for hard-to-solve problems in learning, reasoning, planning, computation and automation has been mostly ignored other than in academic circles. While neural networking and associated approaches have led to major advances in the application of AI to everyday problems, issues such as their dependency on large amounts of data for training, resulting fragile black box solutions which cannot be explained, and more have led to growing recognition of their limits and the need for more diverse approaches. Distributed AI is one such approach whose promise deserves a lot more attention and work in enabling technologies and practical applications than present in the current landscape of AI startups and open source projects.

HOW


WHEN


WHO

Loudflow is an open-source project being built by FarSimple, a one-person company which I (LinkedIn - Sinan Inel) started for software development and consulting. The main driver behind the project is my strong interest in both distributed software and multi-agent system development and architecture.

While serving as a playground for learning and trying out ideas in the field of distributed AI, my larger objective is to continue building Loudflow into a production-ready platform using state-of-the-art practices and technologies which will help promote the use of distributed AI in practical applications. Existing open-source projects in this field are mainly academic projects which are narrow in scope (typically focusing on specific research interests) and lacking with respect to the level of quality needed for commercial application development.

Don't be a stranger. Say hi!
Feel free to get in touch with me. I'm always open to discussing new ideas and opportunities.

Helsinki, Finland

info@farsimple.com

Need help?
help@loudflow.com

Github LinkedIn
